@mintbase-js/rpc: add rpcUrl mandatory param (#521)
Mintbase/mintbase-js: packages/rpc/README.md

## Available Modules & Methods

> We now accepts rpcUrl in each method, so you can pass your own RPC regarding one of those on the list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now accept `rpcUrl` on each method, so you can pass your own RPC regarding one of those on the list:
```

> `packages/rpc/src/util.ts#9`

Reviewer: Why would we keep this list?

> if **rpcUrl** not passed, it will fallback to near rpc mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `rpcUrl` is not passed, it will fallback to the `https://rpc.mainnet.near.org`.
```
